---
title: "Robin Hood: MMT Edition"
date: 2020-07-03T09:15:21+01:00
description: "Updated Robin Hood Script for an Modern Money Theory World"
tags: [mmt]

---

This came to me the other day, when I realised that, in any Robin Hood
tale, they never show the ordinary people until the last few minutes
of the film when they are handing out the spoils.

---

## Scene 1 - Nottingham Castle.

[Robin Hood surprises the Sheriff and holds him at the point of a sword. ]

"So finally I have you, now lead me to the Gold."

"I'm afraid I no longer have any. The king has replaced all the Gold
with these pieces of paper. [Hold up fistfuls of notes]. You'll have
to talk to him"

"And so I shall" [Robin dashes off flamboyantly ] [Cut to scene with
the sheriff laughing maniacally with his pile of notes, shouting "I'm
rich, rich. Rich beyond my wildest dreams", etc].

## Scene 2 - Kings chambers

[Robin drops in to the kings chamber, draws his sword and points to the King]

"So finally I have you, now lead me to the Gold"

[King sits laconically in throne, looks up from his book, and chuckles]

"Gold? We haven't used Gold since 1171. Have a look yourself, the
vaults over there" [Points].

[Robin checks the empty room, looks puzzled].

"But how do you run the country without Gold?"

"Oh I use one of those" [Pan to computer, Robin looks surprised, pan
back to King] "Just type in the numbers and boom everybody get paid.
That keeps all the serfs engaged, and they produce all the output.
Have you thought about speaking to the serfs?"

"I shall see the serfs when I have the Gold. As is traditional this
will be in the last ten seconds of the film when they cheer my
entrance into their villages and I dispense the alms from the back of
my horse" [Robin flicks hair majestically].

"I speak to them all the time. As an English King I can only rule by
common consent. You might want to consider talking to the serfs a bit
earlier, unless you think you know what they want better than they do
just because you have a sword, a fancy bow and a degree in Outlawing
from Herne University"

"I spent four years in the depths of Sherwood on that degree I'll have
you know - including a gap year in the New Forest showing the locals
how to hunt deer.  I will speak to the serfs then, if I must"

[Robin Exits. King rolls eyes and goes back to his book]

## Scene 3 - Serf village

[Picture of serf in field]

"Good sir, please tell me how the king oppresses you"

"Oppresses? No, we get well paid for our work in the king's money".

"But you slave all day in the fields?"

"No. Mostly we use the machines" [cut to archive footage of combines,
crop sprayers covering huge areas, etc.] "We just do a bit of weeding
around the edges".

"But the sheriff takes all you earn in taxes".

"No. The king pays us in full. The Sheriff keeps those pieces of paper
so he can count them. He likes counting them, they don't cost anything
to produce, and in return his heavies keep the roads clear. We
exchange money for proper stuff" [Pan to house, car and family sat
having a barbecue - who wave at Robin].

[Robin looks puzzled] "But don't you want any Gold?".

"Pfft What's the point in that. All that effort digging it out of the
ground just to have to pay to store it again. We haven't had use of
that stuff for years. Where have you been - hiding out in a forest or
something?"

[Robin looking shocked]. "Well yes actually. And perhaps it's time I
went back.  I just don't understand any of this any more. It's
triggering me!".

[Rides off into sunset]

[Serf to camera] "What a loser. Oy - leave a sausage on that grill for
your old man."
